So, yeah, getting ready.
Always drink a sip of water or a Gatorade before getting started because it's like pre-ritual.
This time, I imagined myself in a tournament really focusing on what I've ever seen when people do poomsae.
They lock their faces to get ready.
The beginning very straightforward, but my side kick could have been more distinguished.
My left side seems a little better than my right side.
Attacking forward, I was very...
One thing I see a lot, I didn't chamber my hand and make a fist when I chambered back to my belt,
but the timing and the motions were prepared and I extended the motion fully, tried to snap.
I remember my kiyap was coming from my belly, so I really exhaled with a lot of effort.
In this moment, I wanted to really focus on the sitting stance,
which comes after this move, so I might have delayed the move a little bit,
so I was really trying to focus on the stance because this poomsae has many different stances and different preparations,
so for this moment, I took an extra second that I should have to go to the back stance.
I tried to extend the side kick as much as possible, trying to, once again,
once I noticed that I didn't chamber my hand as much going forward, I tried to chamber as much as possible now
that I was in the front motion because trying to fix those little things.
Trying to extend the side kick, really trying to frame in the front stance with the preparation.
Now, I was thinking about whether my feet were pointing forward, but once again, I can't check that.
It has to be very natural and I was wondering the timing because once you're competing, the time passes a little bit differently,
so I have to count in my head those eight seconds in the proper eight-second time
and maybe should I close my fist at the right time while keeping eyes forward.
I was really worried about which way I was looking because in koryo, you go so many different directions
and just like any other poomsae, so your eyes have to be locked in on which way you're going,
so this time, I was trying to keep my eyes forward knowing that I was going to turn back and prepare right away.
Counting the seconds in my head. I think I did a good job counting here,
putting my fist on right on my palm.
Now, going back. One, two.
I think I prepared this one. I didn't prepare as much as the first one,
but I snapped, and then once I step forward and I kiyap,
my front stance could have been a little bit longer because I see that my back leg was a little bent there,
but my chamber hand is there.
My extension was towards the... my palm uhm  
My choking motion was towards the neck, and then I reset around the same area which I started from.
So, regarding the same size stances, I was similar but I went a little bit bigger stance,
going backward motion rather than when I was going forward,
which is why I ended on a further portion of the mat... which I started from.
But yeah, it was longer stance, going backwards and forwards, which is why I ended a little bit further back.
