So I was definitely nervous here because I feel like I'm not the most experienced with um competitions
I've done poomsae before but and I've done koryo a lot.. but it has been a while since I've really tried to like do it as well as I can...
luckily the first four moves I've done like a thousand times so I felt at least not very like... 
I wasn't mentally struggling to recall the moves at least...
so that was good...
I think I felt pretty good here... and not really many comments...
okay.. here I did started to get a little bit nervous
and I think.. here and in the next few moves I was... I did get more nervous
because I was.. I think I kiyap on the wrong part and you know what I'm not gonna sort of.. I'm still not a 100% sure.. but.. that did kind of freak me out
but I was like we got to keep moving we have to stay locked in... so... refocused... locked back in... 
uhm for this next part here... okay we turned around... I felt pretty confident in that...
this part I felt good about I was trying to really focus on... I guess like snappiness and like power because I feel like...
that's hard to convey here and then... also I kind of know the moves well enough that I can kind of trust that they are going to sort of play in the background, and I'll do the right moves and sort of..
I could just focus on like doing it well... I think I was worried about sort of my kick height here...
because I know that in competitions usually people are going for some crazy heights... but I was like let me just go for as high as I can I guess... um... this move I really like, because this always let's me calm down a little bit, take a few breaths
unfortunately it's like right before the last couple of moves
but this was good... um... calm down here, I felt really good about sort of bending here before I turn...
I felt like the solid move, so I felt like I kind of locked back in here... the first four moves and the last four moves I felt really solid in... the rest of it I still felt solid in, but I was kind of thrown by that first kiyap
because I think I might have kiyap in the wrong part... but I was like we already did it we have to keep going...
because you only get one shot at this. so that... that was pretty much it.
yes, yeah that was the whole thing.